OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/main/aspnet/getuserprofile.md

Depending on your requirements and what information you want to retrieve after the user successfully signs in, you can obtain basic user information by making a request to the authorization server.

> Using the tokens obtained from the `IdxClient.AuthenticateAsync()` method, make a request to the following endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the tokens obtained from the `IdxClient.AuthenticateAsync()` method to make a request to the following endpoint:
```
